<page title="Preparing the Database"/>

PREPARING THE DATABASE
====

There are some incompatibilities between the SQL Server 2016 and the SQL Database for Azure V2. In a quick step, we are going to prepare our "Expenses" database to avoid this issue.

1. Open SQL Server Management Studio

2. Connect to the SQL Server using the following credentials:

    User: experience2

    Password: P2ssw0rd@Dev
    
3. Create a new query over the Expense database and execute the following commands:

    ```sql
    ALTER TABLE [Expense].[Expense] DROP CONSTRAINT [FK_Expense.ExpenseTemporal_Expense.ExpenseCategories_ExpenseCategoryId]

    ALTER TABLE [Expense].[Expense] DROP CONSTRAINT 
    [FK_Expense.ExpenseTemporal_Expense.ExpenseReport_ExpenseReportId]
    ```

    This will remove the FK constraint between the Expense temporal table and both ExpenseReport and ExpenseCategory. This is because at the moment, the foreign key constraint between temporal tables and others is not supported by SQL Database for Azure.

4. While Row Level Security is perfectly compatible with SQL Database for Azure, it will impact the generation of the BACPAC file (which is a backup file used to make the migration). This is because rows from any table with RLS won't be exported. We are going to disable this feature before making the migration and we will enable it again when it is done.

    > **NOTE**: In a real scenario, this should be done under a high security environment, or by encrypting the database backup to ensure that no information is leaked.

    Execute the following query against the Expense database:

    ```sql
    DROP SECURITY POLICY [dbo].[ExpensesReportPolicy]
    ```

10. Lastly, we need to drop two stored procedures, which are `[Expense].[TrainSuspiciousExpensesModel]` and `[Expense].[EvaluateExpense]`. This is necessary because they reference other Stored Procedures that are only available with R Services. At the this time, R Services is not available in Azure SQL Database, so, if we try to migrate the DB without dropping them, the migration will fail. Open a new query on the Expense database and execute the following:

    ```sql
    DROP PROCEDURE [Expense].[TrainSuspiciousExpensesModel]
    DROP PROCEDURE [Expense].[EvaluateExpense]
    ```